Add explicit policy about updating the linked LLVM version (#5949)
unicode-org/icu4x: documents/process/rust_versions.md

 [stability-policy]: https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/1122-language-semver.html

### Pinned Rust nightly policy

> ICU4X pins a Rust Nightly in CI for multiple purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICU4X pins Rust Nightlies in CI for multiple purposes:
```

 - `diplomat-coverage/src/main.rs`: Running the diplomat-coverage task, which uses unstable Rustdoc JSON output, requiring synchronization between the Rust version and the `rustdoc_types` dependency.
 - `PINNED_CI_NIGHTLY`: Running various FFI CI jobs that need _some_ Rust nightly to use build-std or other nightly features, without becoming beholden to arbitrary
 - `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY`: Usage of `-Clinker-plugin-lto` in size-optimized tests where Rust and Clang need to be using compatible LLVM versions.

 ICU4X also runs its entire CI against the latest nightly once a day, reporting errors to Slack. These errors help us catch upstream breakages early, but ICU4X does not have any particular SLO against these being fixed. We guarantee we build on the latest stable as detailed in the first section of this page.

 The first two nightlies here can be updated whenever necessary to whatever nightly works. It not necessary to keep the nightly versions the same, though it is ideal to try.

>  We have a stricter policy around updating `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY`. We recommend usage of ICU4X with `-Clinker-plugin-lto` for size-constrained clients who have the option available, so `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY` must be updated to nightlies that work with "widely available LLVM" versions. This may further constrain our MSRV policy above in case `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY` cannot be pinned to something that works with an otherwise-allowed MSRV.

Reviewer: > `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY` must be updated to nightlies that work with "widely available LLVM" versions

`LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY` is just a CI thing, it's not something we advertise. I think this whole paragraph should be rephrased, the reasoning should go
* We recommend usage of ICU4X with `-Clinker-plugin-lto` for size-constrained clients
* Hence there needs to be a nightly that works with ICU4X and with "widely available LLVM" versions
* This CI test asserts that such a nightly exists

Author: Calling it LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY fits in better with the rest of this document: it's _what that nightly is called here_, the section starts with a list of three nightlies, giving them names. I think it's not very useful to introduce another name for this nightly. I'll reframe to make it more like a guarantee, but we need to have a name for it, and I think the env var is the best choice.

Author: I've reworded it to focus on the guarantee. I initially intended this to be an internal doc, but it is part of our external guarantees, so tried to focus on those more.

> An `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY` is said to "work with" an LLVM version when the size test benchmarks (makefiles in `tutorials/c-tiny/`) run without erroring due to mismatched LLVM metadata. Note that Rust uses LLVM trunk, so it may happen that a Rust nightly is not compatible with _any_ released LLVM version. Some experimentation is often required to find a nightly/LLVM pair that works.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to explain what "works with" means in such a formal way. Just put the reference to `tutorials/c-tiny` in line 37, which introduces `LLVM_COMPATIBLE_NIGHTLY`

Author: I think this paragraph is useful for other reasons: it gives ICU4X developers an idea how to deal with this. Rephrased a bit.

"widely available LLVM" here means that:

 - It MUST be available via apt on all currently-supported Ubuntu LTS
 - It MUST be available via apt on Debian `testing`
 - It MUST be available via `brew`
 - It MUST be available on Fedora via `yum`
 - It MUST be available on the GitHub Actions runners with `ubuntu-latest`
 - It SHOULD be available on the latest XCode
 - It SHOULD be available on ICU4X developer machines using nonstandard package management (more on this below)
 - It SHOULD be available on RHEL and latest Rocky Linux via `yum`
 

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: we should say that the difference between "must" and "should" is that "must" is always required and "should" is something where "the ICU4X developer must make a per-case argument as to why this update is beneficial to the project" (language from above).

Author: Yes, though we already have individual policies listed below and they expand on what this means. I'll add.

 [xcode-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xcode#Xcode_15.0_-_(since_visionOS_support)_2

#### Brew

Policy: Must be available via brew.

Command: `brew install llvm@18` on OSX.

Verification:  Visit https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/llvm#default and ensure the `llvm@N` package is listed, for version N.

#### RHEL / Rocky Linux

Policy: Should be available via `yum`, but policy can be overridden by TC approval in cases where there is a strong case for a new feature.

Command: `yum module install llvm-toolset` or `dnf install llvm-toolset` (RHEL 9)

Verification: Latest Rocky Linux (currently Rocky Linux 9) and RHEL should be listed on [this page](https://pkgs.org/search/?q=llvm-toolset) with an LLVM version that is equal to or greater than the desired LLVM version. It's okay if the exact LLVM version is not listed, `yum module install` allows installing older versions via explicit command.

#### GitHub Actions

Policy: Must be available on GitHub actions `ubuntu-latest` (i.e. ICU4X CI should be able to just `apt install` the LLVM)

Command `apt install llvm-18` on ICU4X CI.

> Verification:  `ubuntu-latest` is always older than the oldest still-supported Ubuntu LTS, so this does not need to be verified separately. There are potential edge cases where GitHub's package repository mirrors are lagging behind where this policy basically means that we should wait a few days for things to smooth out.

Reviewer: https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md
